Miss Hou, I'm really sorry.
I can't see someone like him
Make fun of the monkey's body
So I had to teach him a lesson.
That's why I took Mr. Monkey as my opponent
Hope you don't get angry.
It doesn't matter
I'll tell you what.
I know very well what's going on with my father's health
I'll give you one last chance.
You go, I'll go
What outsider what outsider
If a person has a physical problem
It's impossible to find out in time
Otherwise, it would not be possible for so many cancer patients
You don't know until you're angry
Miss Hou, your heart is too stupid
This kind of person doesn't cry without seeing a coffin
Right.
What is Miss Hou saying to this trash?
Forget about betting
He can't even enter this gate today
Yang Min, look at you
You are here to attend the birthday banquet of Master Hou today
So what if I was?
Hmph, no wonder you're still talking nonsense here
I guess you're not even thrifty
What qualifications do you have to bet against Liang Shou?
Is this the gate of the Hou family that you can enter if you want?
This is a private party for our Hou family
As far as I know
I don't seem to have paid you.
Look at this young man
He wasn't even thrifty.
He is not qualified to gamble with you at all
Yang Ming, you have already lost this bet
Hurry up and gouge out your eyeballs
Who says I'm not thrifty?